c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\obj\Debug\WEBUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\WEBUI.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\WEBUI.pdb
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\OnlineShoppingStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\OnlineShoppingStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\obj\Debug\WEBUI.dll
c:\users\yi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OlineShoppingStore\WEBUI\obj\Debug\WEBUI.pdb
